# sqlalchemy-challenge
Step 1 - Climate Analysis and Exploration To begin, use Python and SQLAlchemy to do basic climate analysis and data exploration of your climate database. All of the following analysis should be completed using SQLAlchemy ORM queries, Pandas, and Matplotlib.   Use the provided starter notebook and hawaii.sqlite files to complete your climate analysis and data exploration.   Choose a start date and end date for your trip. Make sure that your vacation range is approximately 3-15 days total.   Use SQLAlchemy create_engine to connect to your sqlite database.   Use SQLAlchemy automap_base() to reflect your tables into classes and save a reference to those classes called Station and Measurement. Step 2 - Climate App Now that you have completed your initial analysis, design a Flask API based on the queries that you have just developed.  Use Flask to create your routes.   Routes   /   Home page.   List all routes that are available.     /api/v1.0/precipitation   Convert the query results to a dictionary using date as the key and prcp as the value.   Return the JSON representation of your dictionary.     /api/v1.0/stations  Return a JSON list of stations from the dataset.    /api/v1.0/tobs   Query the dates and temperature observations of the most active station for the last year of data.   Return a JSON list of temperature observations (TOBS) for the previous year.     /api/v1.0/&lt;start> and /api/v1.0/&lt;start>/&lt;end>   Return a JSON list of the minimum temperature, the average temperature, and the max temperature for a given start or start-end range.   When given the start only, calculate TMIN, TAVG, and TMAX for all dates greater than and equal to the start date.   When given the start and the end date, calculate the TMIN, TAVG, and TMAX for dates between the start and end date inclusive.
